
When I'm still in love with you?
You walked away,
'Cause you didn't want to stay.

Incy Vincy Spider climed up the waterspout.
Down came the rain
and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun 
and dried up all the rain
and the itsy bitsy Spider climbed up the spout again
A-men

Answering its prayers it came back to life

It was the best of times,
It was the worst of times.

Guys We are so gud at this!!!
HACK HACK HACK HACK HACK 

Incy Wincy Spider climed up the water shouting the odds 
Down came the pain and smashed the spider out 
Pout came the sun and dried up all the rain
Then Incy Wincy Spider  up the spout again and again and AGAIN!!

Thereafter, Incy Wincy Spider continued to repeat this until he died.
There should be a moral to this story, but he passed before he could relay it to anyone.
I like to think it goes a little something like this:
"When you climb up water spouts, always check the forcast.
It's awfully embarrasing being washed out ifront of your friends."


A million stars up in the sky
one shines brighter I can't deny
A love so precious a love so true
a love that comes from me to you

Incy Wincy Spider crawled up the spout of the drain
Suddenly he was pushed down by all of the rain
The spider was hurt from being drowned in all of the rain
Then Incy Wincy Spider never crawled up the spout again


OLD LADY POEM

There was an old woman who lived in a shoe,
She had so many children she didn't know what to do!
So she gave them some broth without any bread,
And she whipped them all soundly and sent them to bed!

Incy Wincy Spider climed up the water shouting the odds,
Down came the pain and smashed the spider out,
The spider was hurt from being drowned in all of the rain,

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall;
All the king's horses and all the king's men
Couldn't put Humpty together again.

The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout.
Down came the rainand washed the spider out.
Out came the sunand dried up all the rain
and the itsy bitsy spider climbed up the spout again

Zac missed the spider and was feeling very glum
But couldn't climb the drain coz he'd broken his thumb

Doctor Foster poem

Doctor Foster
Went to Gloucester
In a shower of rain. 
He stepped in a puddle
Right up to his middle
And never went there again!

When I'm still in love with you?
You walked away,
'Cause you didn't want to stay.

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall;
All the king's horses and all the king's men
Couldn't put Humpty together again.

Everyone needs to collaborate more!

Old mother hubbard 
just got lost in her cupboard.
She was looking for Zac thumb
and found it up his bum.

